    ===================================================================== 
        UPGRADING TO PFE32 0.07.002 FROM PFE32 0.06.002 OR EARLIER
    =====================================================================

IF YOU'VE BEEN USING VERSION 0.06.002 OR EARLIER OF THE 32-BIT EDITION OF PFE,
    YOU SHOULD READ THIS FILE CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU BEGIN TO USE 0.07.002

THIS FILE DOES NOT AFFECT YOU:
    - IF YOU'VE NOT USED PFE BEFORE
    - IF YOU ARE USING THE 16-BIT EDITION
    - IF YOU'VE BEEN USING PFE32 0.07.001


------------------------------------------------------------------------------

=================================================
USE OF THE WINDOWS REGISTRY IN THE 32-BIT EDITION
=================================================

The 32-Bit Edition now stores all configuration information in the registry,
private to each logged-on user of the workstation. Some facilities available
previously for using multiple ini files have been removed, but roughly
equivalent feature have been added.

Configuration data is now held in the registry under the key

              HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\AP\PFE

You can have multiple configuration sets, equivalent to multiple ini files, for
each user. Each set has a name of up to 32 characters, containing alphanumerics,
spaces, underscore, hyphens or dots; case is retained but is not significant.

One configuration set is marked as the "default startup set", and PFE will use
this by default unless you include the new command line option "/r" to specify
a set. The default startup set will be called "DefaultConfiguration" unless you
say otherwise, so that

               pfe32

starts PFE with "DefaultConfiguration" and

               pfe32 /r "Edit Sources"

starts it with "Edit Sources". Note the use of quotes around a configuration
name that contains spaces.

A new utility INI2REG converts old ini files into registry configuration sets
for you; you'll need to run this before you start to convert your old ini file.
The use of this utility is described below.

The Options Preferences command now has a "Configuration Sets" panel to manage
configurations. You can create empty sets, delete sets, and copy the contents
of existing sets to new ones.

The "/r" option also affects the DDE interface that PFE offers to other
applications and to other instances of itself. Normally, the DDE service name
that is created will be "PFE32"; but using "/r" causes this to change to be
"PFE32" followed by the name of the registry configuration set.

The effect of this is to enable you to run single instances of PFE and keep the
use of configuration sets consistent between them. For example, you might have
shortcuts that start PFE with configuration sets "Set A" and "Set B"; by
default you will run only one instance using each set.

You can, of course, use the "/m" option to force multiple instances to run as
before

The Options Preferences "Configuration Sets" panel also allows you to export
data from a configuration set into a file, and to import from these files into
existing configuration sets. This allows portability of configurations between
users and between 32-Bit systems; the files are compatible across all hardware
platforms. There is no provision to move configration data between 16-Bit and
32-Bit systems.



============================================
CONVERTING PFE32.INI TO THE WINDOWS REGISTRY
============================================

Conversion of your standard PFE32.INI file (or any other PFE initialisation
file that you have for the 32-Bit Edition) into the registry is a very simple
operation.

1. From Windows Explorer, start the utility program INI2REG.EXE that performs
   the conversion for you. You must not have an instance of PFE version
   0.07.002 running at this point or the utility will not start.

2. You'll see an introductory panel with some descriptive text; click
   on "Continue" once you've read this.

3. Now you'll see the main conversion dialog that does the work. At the top
   you'll see the name of the initialisation file to be converted; by default
   this is the standard file that you've been using with your earlier release
   of PFE. You can click on "Browse for file" to locate a different one if
   you wish.

4. Next, select the name of the registry configuration set that the
   initialisation file is to be converted into. By default, the edit control
   will show the name of the standard set "DefaultConfiguration", and you're
   recommended to convert your main (or only) initialisation file into this
   set.

5. Finally, click on "Convert File" to copy the data into the Windows Registry

You'll now be able to start version 0.07.002 of PFE, and your previous
configuration will be there for you.

Once you've performed the conversion, you need not retain your old
initialisation files on your disk.

